Handling private issues (#222)
redhat-appstudio/docs.appstudio.io: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/getting_started_in_cli.adoc

. Select the checkbox next to *I agree to the Terms and Conditions*.
. Select *Get started with OpenShift Developer Sandbox*.
. In the webpage banner, select *Proxy login command*.
. Click the *copy icon* to copy the command and your unique token.
. Open your terminal and paste the command that you copied in the previous step. This command runs `oc login --token=[your token] [appstudio api url]`.

.Verification

To verify that `oc login` worked correctly, complete the following steps:

. Run `cd ~/.kube`.
. Run `ls` and verify that there is a file named `config`.

== Switching workspaces

> In order to use the CLI tool with a workspace other than your default personal user workspace, append `/workspaces/<workspace-name>` to the AppStudio API url used in your `oc login` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the CLI tool with a workspace other than your default personal workspace, append `/workspaces/<workspace-name>` to the AppStudio API url used in your `oc login` command in step 6.
```
